What are some of the things that stuck with you? What will you carry forward from this course

1) Using LinkedIn to have a good online presence for potential employers to see: Moving forward, I hope to keep my profile updated so that there's a record of my successes and career growth, and hopefully the image of a fine lad worth hiring.

2) Writing better resumes/cover letters: I've always struggled with creating resumes, and have never written a cover letter in my life. The resume assignment was extremely helpful in identifying what should be on it and how to word it. The cover letter assignment also introduced me to what should be included on a cover letter, and also gave me some confidence that I have enough experience to include on it.

3) How to find jobs: It was enlightening to see the chart of how employers tend to hire, which highlighted the importance of maintaining professional connections, which I have not done throughout my life. Moving forward, I hope to better maintain connections with people I meet, not only for work purposes, but also because people are interesting.

4) Informational interviews: The informational interview experience was totally new and interesting for me. I was able to meet with a systems/network engineer at UO and, not only did he present useful information, but he was very friendly and accepting which I did not expect for some reason.

What goals can you develop based on the learning you've done in this course?

1) Focus on completing and maintaining public records of projects: I have tons of half-finished projects that aren't worth presenting in their current state. In thinking about the future of my career after this class, I see the importance of working to complete them and posting programs to GitHub or other projects to a personal portfolio website.

2) Hold more informational interviews: As mentioned above, the informational interview was a great experience for me. I would like to have at least one or two more before I graduate. 

3) Build a solid LinkedIn profile: tying in to #1 above, I'd like to work on my LinkedIn presence, from networking with folks to having up-to-date information on what I'm doing.

What strategies from these resources can you consider and implement in your career moving forward? What professional associations, networking opportunities, and professional development opportunities are available in your industry?
